Coursera Capstone Project

Title: Domestic tourism and travelling post the national (India) lockdown.

Background: “The world has changed” said Warren Buffet aphoristically as he went on to dispose of all the airline stocks 
owned by Berkshire Hathaway. While moving into a hazy future, it is clear that international travelling will not be the same, 
at least not in the next few years. Countries may proscribe foreign travel, maybe even reject visas or best case, our attitude 
towards ‘better safe than sorry’ will make us circumspect with our travel decisions. But most of us have an inherent wanderlust attitude, to be able to roam, be free, explore and find adventure. It is possible that although our movements will be severely restricted for the foreseeable future, domestic travel will be the new international travel. Of course it is risky, but humans are restive. 
As a result, with this small hunch in mind, my intention is to cluster as many monumental sites, scenic spots and travel 
destinations based on several criteria such as visitor football (at least at a time before COVID-19), ratings, popularity but 
most importantly on the current state of coronavirus in each of its states and districts (specifically number of cases). With 
that being kept in mind, we could possibly use the findings to suggest the least dicey hotspots for that vacation we all 
deserve.

Data 
I will need to firstly gather a database of as many (approx 500) touristic destinations as possible through web scraping or if 
json/csv files are readily available. 
Foursquare API will be used for obtaining several key data attributes (latitude, longitude, State, City, Postal Code,ratings,
number of likes, number of ratings, etc.) but considering its limited use in India, I will also be using the MayMyIndia and 
Google Places APIs in conjunction.
These APIs do not have any metrics for visitor footfall (besides count of reviews, likes, photos, etc.), so I will also have 
to look around for data pertaining to visitor or tourist density. 
Cost of living around the region is another metric which could be included, obtained through the Google Places API.
Lastly, I will be using the Indian government updated datasets on current Coronavius numbers for different regions.
